Plot convergence (#121)
alchemistry/alchemlyb: docs/visualisation/alchemlyb.visualisation.plot_convergence.rst

.. _visualisation_plot_convergence:

Plot the Forward and Backward Convergence
=========================================

The function :func:`~alchemlyb.visualisation.plot_convergence` allows
the user to visualise the convergence by plotting the free energy change
computed using the equilibrated snapshots between the proper target time frames
in both forward (data points are stored in `forward` and `forward_error`) and
reverse (data points are stored in `backward` and `backward_error`) directions.
The unit in the y axis could be labelled to other units by setting *units*,

> which by default is :math:`kBT`. The user can pass :class:`matplotlib.axes.Axes` into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which by default is :math:`k_B T` ("kT"). The user can pass :class:`matplotlib.axes.Axes` into
```

Can we make the string to indicate k_B T just "kT" instead of "kBT"? The latter puts too much emphasis on the "B" and for physicists at least, we're just talking about kT.

Author: I have change this to :math:`kT`

Author: @orbeckst Thank you for the explanation. In that case, I will change the doc for the function to 'kt' and the sphinx doc to :math:`kT` so that it is more clear.
